chore(docs): improve documentation (VIV-000) (#1425)
Vonage/vivid-3: libs/components/src/lib/layout/README.md

### Column Spacing

> Use the `column-spacing` attribute to control the gap between columns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `column-spacing` attribute to control the gap between columns [`column-gap`].(https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/column-gap)
```

Author: ```suggestion
Use the `column-spacing` attribute to choose between predefined values for the [`column-gap`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/column-gap).
```

### Row Spacing

> Use the `row-spacing` attribute to control the gap of a row.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `row-spacing` attribute to control the gap of a row [row-gap](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/row-gap).
```

Author: Use the `row-spacing` attribute to choose a predefined value for the [row-gap](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/row-gap).

Author: ```suggestion
Use the `row-spacing` attribute to choose a predefined value for the [row-gap](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/row-gap).
```

### Auto Sizing

The `auto-sizing` attribute controls how the grid's behaves with empty column tracks.

The grid container creates as many column tracks as possible without overflowing the container.

> With `fit`, when there are not enough grid items to fill the number of tracks created, those empty tracks are collapsed.

Reviewer: and with fill? :)

Author: ```suggestion
With `fit`, when there are not enough grid items to fill the number of tracks created, those empty tracks are collapsed.

With `fill`, the empty tracks remain and take up space in the layout.
```
